Dad here wow wow
Really, your dad is really handsome
What are you doing?
That's my dad!
Shine the light and go find someone else
Hmph what's there
Aren't your parents divorced anyway?
Cheap others are not as cheap as me
I consider you my best friend
Are you my little mother?
Isn't this a good time for a cappella?
What am I humming?
What to celebrate
you
What are you doing?
Nothing, nothing, nothing real
This is my best friend Wan Wan
The uncle you met last night
Good uncle
You protected Wan Wan last night
Really handsome
What is handsome or not?
Come on. Let's go in.
Dad, are you alone?
What about that beautiful sister last night?
Oh, he went to Hong Kong Island to prepare your birthday present.
It won't arrive until the birthday party tonight.
Oh, by the way, this is the VIP gold card he prepared for you.
OK
Hahaha
This color is too short.
The white one looks good, is this and that?
What about the car in front of you?
The flagship product of our store
It is not only beautiful online
There are various functions
Oh, wow.
Dad, this is it
I like what I see.
Yo, isn't that little cripple?
Come buy a car
Can you drive a car as a cripple?